README.md, before:

# Useful computer vision PhD resources



## Topics

- [x] General advice on [how to conduct your research](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-computer-vision-research-advice.md)
- [x] [Better/faster paper reading](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-better-reading-of-computer-vision-papers.md), tools and resources
- [x] How to write a good CVPR/ECCV/ICCV paper? Advice to [write a good scientific paper](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-better-writing-of-computer-vision-papers.md)
- [ ] Tools for [fast and reproducible experimentation](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-fast-reproducible-python-experiments.md) (in python/PyTorch)
- [ ] Better meetings with your supervisor
- [ ] [Beautiful visualizations](Awesome-resources-for-beautiful-visualizations.md)

- [ ] Additional [tricks for neural networks](Awesome-computer-vision-network-tricks.md)

<details open><summary>Motivation</summary>

Having started a PhD one year ago I progressively stumbled upon **talks/tools/advice** that **I wish I had come accross earlier**.
I will keep adding links and material as I find them, feel free to suggest some as [pull requests](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/pulls) or [issues](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/issues) !

I want to write efficiently so that you can have an **overview of the tools/resources in less then a minute** and so that you can **easily find the original source/link to the resource**.

In drop-downs below some resources I will **provide short summaries** of the advice when relevant, often as a **list of quotes from the original resource**.

Towards this purpose I will extensively use drop-down extensions.

- <details><summary><-- click here</summary>
  
  > Like this !
</details>

</details>

Commit message:

Add link to code release resources

README.md, after:

# Useful computer vision PhD resources



## Topics

- [x] General advice on [how to conduct your research](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-computer-vision-research-advice.md)
- [x] [Better/faster paper reading](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-better-reading-of-computer-vision-papers.md), tools and resources
- [x] How to write a good CVPR/ECCV/ICCV paper? Advice to [write a good scientific paper](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-better-writing-of-computer-vision-papers.md)
- [x] How to release code that is easy to understand and to reuse [https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/](Useful-resources-for-code-releases.md)
- [ ] Tools for [fast and reproducible experimentation](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/blob/master/Awesome-resources-for-fast-reproducible-python-experiments.md) (in python/PyTorch)
- [ ] Better meetings with your supervisor
- [ ] [Beautiful visualizations](Awesome-resources-for-beautiful-visualizations.md)

- [ ] Additional [tricks for neural networks](Awesome-computer-vision-network-tricks.md)

<details open><summary>Motivation</summary>

Having started a PhD one year ago I progressively stumbled upon **talks/tools/advice** that **I wish I had come accross earlier**.
I will keep adding links and material as I find them, feel free to suggest some as [pull requests](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/pulls) or [issues](https://github.com/hassony2/useful-computer-vision-phd-resources/issues) !

I want to write efficiently so that you can have an **overview of the tools/resources in less then a minute** and so that you can **easily find the original source/link to the resource**.

In drop-downs below some resources I will **provide short summaries** of the advice when relevant, often as a **list of quotes from the original resource**.

Towards this purpose I will extensively use drop-down extensions.

- <details><summary><-- click here</summary>
  
  > Like this !
</details>

</details>
